c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.exe.config
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.exe
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.pdb
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\Views\EmployeeInfoView.baml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\Views\EmployeeInfoView.g.cs
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo_Content.g.cs
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.g.resources
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.exe
c:\users\demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.pdb
C:\Users\Demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\Views\SaveEmployeeView.baml
C:\Users\Demon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\Views\SaveEmployeeView.g.cs
F:\DemonGIt\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\bin\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.exe.config
F:\DemonGIt\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.exe
F:\DemonGIt\MvvmLightDemo\MvvmLightDemo\obj\Debug\MvvmLightDemo.pdb
